[IMP] Recruitment: Updated job positions doc for v15 (#6207)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/recruitment/new_job.rst

There are several *Question Types* to choose from:

- :guilabel:`Multiple choice: only one answer`: a multiple choice question that only allows the
  candidate to select one answer
- :guilabel:`Multiple choice: multiple answers allowed`: a multiple choice question that allows the
  candidate to select multiple answers
- :guilabel:`Multiple Lines Text Box`: allows the applicant to enter several lines of text
- :guilabel:`Single Line Text Box`: limits the applicant to only a single line of text
- :guilabel:`Numerical Value`: only allows a number to be entered
- :guilabel:`Date`: a calendar module is presented to select a date
- :guilabel:`Datetime`:  a calendar module and a clock icon is presented to select a date and time
- :guilabel:`Matrix`: a customizable table that allows the candidate to choose an answer for each
  row

> After selecting a question type, a sample question appears to applicants in gray. This is simply to
> represent how the question will look in terms of appearance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After selecting a question type, a sample question appears in gray. This represents how the question will be displayed to applicants.
```

rearranged in any order. To move an answer, click on the :guilabel:`↕️ (Up-down arrows)` on the far
left of each answer line, and drag the answer to the desired position. The order the answers appear
in the form is the order the answers will appear online.

To delete a line, click on the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash can)` icon on the far right side of the answer
line.

.. image:: new_job/multi-answers.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Answers to a multiple choice question, where each line has a different answer listed.

Single Line Text Box
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If the :guilabel:`Single Line Text Box` is selected for the :guilabel:`Question Type`, only two
checkboxes appear in the :guilabel:`Answers` tab:

- :guilabel:`Input must be an email`: Activate this option if the answer must be in the format of an
  email address.

  - :guilabel:`Save as user email?`: This option appears if :guilabel:`Input must be an email` is
    selected. This saves the email entered on the form as the user's email, and will be used anytime
    Odoo contacts the user via email.

- :guilabel:`Save as user nickname?`: Activate this option to populate the answer as the user's

>   nickname. This is stored and used anywhere Odoo uses a nickname.

Reviewer: It is harder to tell from my perspective, but the formatting on the bulleted lists just looks a bit off. When you ran make, did it format correctly? (If so, you can ignore this, but I wanted to call it out just in case. The spacing just looks like is it weird)

Author: Yes- but that's because the second bullet is nested in (indented) from the one above because it only appears if it is checked off.  So it looks off here, but that's why- they are not all 3 lined up together.

Matrix
^^^^^^

> For a :guilabel:`Matrix` :guilabel:`Question Type`, there are two sets of data that need to be

Reviewer: I would start with a sentence explaining what a Matrix question is from the POV of the applicant (just because it is not as commonly used as multiple choice, etc)

Author: Good idea- LMK if I explained this in a good way, without actually putting in an image.

Live Sessions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If the question is for a live session, activate the :guilabel:`Question Time Limit` option. A
:guilabel:`seconds` field appears. Enter the amount of time allotted for the applicant to enter the
answer, in seconds.

Options
~~~~~~~

Next, configure the various options for the interview form. Click the :guilabel:`Options` tab to
view all the options to configure, by category.

Questions
*********

- :guilabel:`Pagination`: Choose how the questions should be displayed.

  - :guilabel:`One page with all the questions`: Display all sections and questions at the same
    time.
  - :guilabel:`One page per section`: Display each section with the corresponding questions on an
    individual page.
  - :guilabel:`One page per question`: Display a single question on each page.

- :guilabel:`Question Selection`: Choose which questions are presented.

  - :guilabel:`All questions`: Display the entire form, with all questions form all sections.
  - :guilabel:`Randomized per Section`: Display only a random selection of questions from each
    section.

.. note::
   Although it is a selectable option, the :guilabel:`Randomized per section` option is not

>    typically selected for an interview form.

Reviewer: I would change this (which veers a bit too close to advice on hiring and not advice on using the product) and explain why it isn't usually used. Mainly that it should only be used if they are ok with receiving partial information/an incomplete survey from every applicant.

Author: Good point- I guess I said this because surveys are used for a lot of things, and only when making an interview form I would think you didn't want to do this. Good suggestion!

  should appear with the question to help clarify how the applicant should answer.
- :guilabel:`Single Line Text Box`, :guilabel:`Numerical Value`, :guilabel:`Date`, and
  :guilabel:`Datetime`: A :guilabel:`Validate entry` option appears. Activate this option if what
  the applicant enters must be verified as adhering to the parameters set in this section. When
  activated, several other options appear. Enter the :guilabel:`Minimum` and :guilabel:`Maximum`
  values in the corresponding fields. Depending on the :guilabel:`Question Type` selected, these
  fields may reference characters, numbers, or dates. Next, enter the text that appears when the
  answer given does not fit within the designated minimum and maximum parameters. Last, enter any
  text in the :guilabel:`Placeholder` field to provide any additional information or directions to
  assist the applicant.
- :guilabel:`Matrix`: The first option that appears is :guilabel:`Matrix Type`. Select either
  :guilabel:`One choice per row` or :guilabel:`Multiple choices per row` using the drop-down menu.

Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^

If the question is required to be answered by the applicant, activate the box next to

> :guilabel:`Mandatory Answer`. An :guilabel:`Error message` field appears, with some example text in
> gray (:guilabel:`This question requires an answer`). Enter the message that should appear if the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Mandatory Answer`. An :guilabel:`Error message` field appears, with some example text
(:guilabel:`This question requires an answer`). Enter the message that should appear if the
```

   :align: center
   :alt: A sample of categories and questions for a candidate.

Answers
*******

If :guilabel:`Multiple choice: only one answer`, :guilabel:`Multiple choice: multiple answers
allowed`, :guilabel:`Single Line Text Box`, or :guilabel:`Matrix` is selected for the
:guilabel:`Question Type`, an :guilabel:`Answers` tab appears beneath the question. If another
:guilabel:`Question Type` is selected, the :guilabel:`Answers` tab remains hidden from view.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Multiple choice

      For both the :guilabel:`Multiple choice: only one answer` and :guilabel:`Multiple choice:

>       multiple answers allowed` :guilabel:`Question Types`, the answers are populated in the same

Reviewer 3: No guilabel needed when not referencing the text on the UI
```suggestion
      multiple answers allowed` question types, the answers are populated in the same
```

      The method for populating both sections is the same. In the :guilabel:`Answers` tab, click
      :guilabel:`Add a line` in either the :guilabel:`Choices` or :guilabel:`Row` section.  A line
      appears, and an answer can be entered. After typing in the answer, click off the line, or
      press enter to lock in the new answer on the form and have another answer line appear. Repeat
      this for all answers for both the :guilabel:`Choices` and :guilabel:`Rows` sections.

      .. figure:: new_job/matrix.png
         :align: center

         This is an example matrix that asks an applicant what shifts they are available to work on
         Saturdays and Sundays, either morning, afternoon, or evening.

Description
***********

Enter any information that may be helpful to an applicant. This description will appear for this
specific question only, and therefore should be question-specific and not generalized.

Options
*******

To view the options that are available to set for a question, click on the :guilabel:`Options` tab.
The :guilabel:`Layout`, :guilabel:`Constraints`, and :guilabel:`Live Sessions` sections are

> universal for all :guilabel:`Question Types`, while the :guilabel:`Answers` tab is specific to the
> :guilabel:`Question Type` selected, and changes based on the selection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
universal for all :guilabel:`Question Types`, while the :guilabel:`Answers` section is specific to the
:guilabel:`Question Type` selected and changes based on the selection.
```

  should appear with the question to help clarify how the applicant should answer.
- :guilabel:`Single Line Text Box`, :guilabel:`Numerical Value`, :guilabel:`Date`, and
  :guilabel:`Datetime`: A :guilabel:`Validate entry` option appears. Activate this option if what
  the applicant enters must be verified as adhering to the parameters set in this section. When
  activated, several other options appear. Enter the :guilabel:`Minimum` and :guilabel:`Maximum`
  values in the corresponding fields. Depending on the :guilabel:`Question Type` selected, these
  fields may reference characters, numbers, or dates. Next, enter the text that appears when the
  answer given does not fit within the designated minimum and maximum parameters. Last, enter any
  text in the :guilabel:`Placeholder` field to provide any additional information or directions to
  assist the applicant.
- :guilabel:`Matrix`: The first option that appears is :guilabel:`Matrix Type`. Select either
  :guilabel:`One choice per row` or :guilabel:`Multiple choices per row` using the drop-down menu.

Constraints
^^^^^^^^^^^

If the question is required to be answered by the applicant, activate the box next to

> :guilabel:`Mandatory Answer`. An :guilabel:`Error message` field appears, with some example text
> in gray (*This question requires an answer*). Enter the message that should appear if the applicant
> attempts to move on to the next question without answering this required one. The text should
> explain that the question must be answered.

Reviewer 3: This is text on the active UI, so it needs a guilabel
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Mandatory Answer`. An :guilabel:`Error message` field appears, with some example text in
gray (:guilabel:`This question requires an answer`). Enter the message that should appear if the
applicant attempts to move on to the next question without answering this required one. The text
should explain that the question must be answered.
```

Using the drop-down menu, select the previous question this new question is linked to. Once a
previous question is selected, a :guilabel:`Triggering Answer` field appears. Select the answer that
must be selected in order for the new question to appear.

The next option is :guilabel:`Show Comments Field`. Activate the option if there should be a comment
displayed to the applicant. If activated, a :guilabel:`Comment Message` field appears. Enter the
text to appear in the :guilabel:`Comment Message` field.

.. example::
   To further illustrate a triggering question, the following is an example that is applicable to
   recruitment. The question, `Do you have management experience?` is already added. A new question
   is then added, `How many years of experience?`. This question should *only* appear if the
   applicant selected `Yes` to the question `Do you have management experience?`.

   To properly configure this example, activate the :guilabel:`Conditional Display` option. Then,
   select `Do you have management experience?` as the :guilabel:`Triggering Question`. Then, select
   :guilabel:`Yes` for the triggering answer.

> 

Reviewer 3: Extra line
```suggestion
```

   .. image:: new_job/layout.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The layout field when properly configured for a conditional question.

Live Sessions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If the question is for a live session, activate the :guilabel:`Question Time Limit` option. A
:guilabel:`seconds` field appears. Enter the amount of time allotted for the applicant to enter the
answer, in seconds.

Options
~~~~~~~

Next, configure the various options for the interview form. Click the :guilabel:`Options` tab to
view all the options to configure, by category.

Questions
*********

- :guilabel:`Pagination`: Choose how the questions should be displayed.

  - :guilabel:`One page with all the questions`: Display all sections and questions at the same
    time.
  - :guilabel:`One page per section`: Display each section with the corresponding questions on an
    individual page.
  - :guilabel:`One page per question`: Display a single question on each page.

> 

Reviewer 3: Extra line
```suggestion
```

  - :guilabel:`All questions`: Display the entire form, with all questions form all sections.
  - :guilabel:`Randomized per Section`: Display only a random selection of questions from each
    section.

.. note::
   Although it is a selectable option, the :guilabel:`Randomized per section` option should only be
   used if receiving partial information/an incomplete survey from every applicant is acceptable to
   the business.

Time & Scoring
**************

- :guilabel:`Survey Time Limit`: Check this box to limit the time allowed to complete the form. When
  selected, a field to enter the minutes appears next to the checked box. Enter the time (using an
  XX:XX minute/second format) in the field.
- :guilabel:`Scoring`: Choose how the questions should be scored.

  - :guilabel:`No scoring`: Select this option to not score the form.
  - :guilabel:`Scoring with answers at the end`: Select this option to score the form and display
    the correct answers for the candidate when they are finished with the form.
  - :guilabel:`Scoring without answers at the end`: Select this option to score the form but not
    display the answers to the candidate.

> 

Reviewer 3: Extra line
```suggestion
```
